
September 2005 - April 2006
Centennial College
(School of Engineering Technology and Applied Science)
0 Taught ‘Principles of Electric Circuits’ for both the Robotic and Mechanical
Engineering Technology students.
0 PLC Lab Instructor: Hands on assistance for the 6th semester students to
develop, monitor and control pick-n-place fixture utilizing specific program
instructions for the Allen Bradley, Omron and Seimens PLC’s.
0 Feedback Control Lab Instructor: Utilizing the Allen Bradley SLC 500
processor and the PanelView 550 HMI, assisted 6th semester students with the
PID instruction, for both temperature and pressure.

2001 - 2004
Webtronics Automation Inc. (co-owner)
Working primarily in the printing industry, we provided engineering, programming,
purchasing and production management, focusing on retrofitting new control
systems with existing printing equipment.
Achievements included:
0 Provided complete control integration of a Harris M10003 8-unit printing press
in Lima, Peru.
(electrical design, PLC, Drive and HMI programs)
0 Provided complete programming and solely commissioned a Baker-Perkins 8-
unit printing press complete with C2 folder (included separate folder
protection processor) in Magog, PQ.
o Assisted with the interfacing of 5 axis shaftless drives for Chills, Pullups, and
Folder, onto existing Baker Perkins press in Mexico.
0 Implemented an automatic warehouse picking system for local contact lens
manufacturer/distributor. Invoices are scanned to generate a code 39 and the
database query looks up a record at the main distribution plant. Co-ordinates
are then returned to automatic picking system. System conveys product to
operator within seconds from initial scan.
o Programmed and commissioned Harris Saddle Stitchers for customer in
Recife, Brazil.

1987 - 2001
P & R Control Systems (President)
Focused primarily in the manufacturing industry, we supplied customers with the
latest in control technology and system integration, including sales, support,
production management, engineering, programming and implementation of control
systems for both machines and processes.
Among the accomplishments,
0 Received recognition and reward from Revenue Canada's Scientific Research
and Experimental Development (SR&ED) program for three years for offering
innovative solutions in industry.
Utilized most main brand PLC/HMI products, and would therefore be able to
provide customer with best option.
0 Integrated manufacturing facilities with SCADA system to seamlessly provide,
Quality, consumption, production and invariably OEE data.
0 Instructed maintenance personnel in troubleshooting techniques.



Education and Training
Electrical Engineering (1985)
Lakehead University, Thunder Bay, Ontario
9 Electronics Engineering Technologist (1984)
Seneca College, Toronto
(High honors graduate of program with emphasis on controls and controls
systems)
0 Bosch Rexroth in Lohr, Germany for training on Indramat products related to
shaft less technology. Acquired Integrator Status from Bosch Rexroth for
Printing and Converting.
0 Received professional training from Citect. (Advanced Course)
0 Trained by Omron, Allen Bradley, Mitsubishi, Xycom and Nematron for both
PLC and HMI product(s).
Technical Skills
Expert with all aspects of custom control panel manufacturing, machine logic
and control processes.
Skilled in the following software:
0 Microsoft Office products
0 Rockwell Automations’ Panelview32, RSView32, RSLogix 5000, 500 5 and
3.
0 Mitsubishi PLC, HMI and OPC products
0 KEP product
Omron PLC and HMI (CX1 package)
0 Citect SCADA
0 GE Fanuc iFix and Cimplicity SCADA
o Nematron Openview/Indusoft SCADA
o Micrografx
Internet development software.

